So to continue.
I did read...
Ronan Farrow, he's a journalist. His book was
Catch and Kill, it's about the rule of Harvard Weinstein.
(***) on the background. He was doing a lot of research on it.
So that was really...
are fascinating to me. I love those journalistic in-depth
coverage right over here. Someone's going undercover investigating.
So that was fun.
Yes, it was a suspenseful you know read and umm..
completely just not fiction.
Right, and I also liked, it was a...
Oh, what was that title called? Hidden Valley?
It was about this family out in Colorado.
And they contributed to the whole mental health wellness.
industry because their family, she had like...
10 or 12 kids. and umm but..
About five of a hundred of them are schizophrenic. They are diagnosed with schizophrenia.
medically. So that whole...
They became this huge scientific study.
just because of the nature out there.
They wanted to test out the genetics of it.
(***) Schizophrenia.
That was an interesting raid. I forgot the title, I was heading that way or something.
It sounds like Hidden Valley Ranch.
But that was an interesting one. I could get your title for you.
My brain doesn't work as well as his.
But stuff like that I find really fascinating.
Every so often you'll pick up one. That's a really good read.
It's hit or miss though. Sometimes I get a little bored in midway.
and drop a book. but yeah
yes like yeah
Yes yeah,
Sorry.
okay
Yes yes
Ohhh
Ohh i see i see
Oh so like..
yes
Okay ha..ha..ha..
Their mind sorts of yeah
Ohh yes
yeah that sounds interesting
yeah
yeah so..
Oh that's....
okay yeah i'll ofcourse check it out. thank you
Yeah
Tell me about your hobbies. what's your hobbies?
yeah
Yes.
Oh, dang it.
Is it crafting like scrapbooking or are you like crocheting, knitting?
Whatever (***)
Oh, the cutting. Yes, yes I have.
yeah oh that sounds fun..
I, you know, I'm not much of a counter at all.
It's yeah
It sounds fun, but I...
Don't know how to make the time. Yeah, it's one of those things to work
If I wanted to get into something creative, um...
like with.